You know, okay, so her...
Your brother is a CS person from Stanford.
and (***) program (***) like
goes into master right away. some like
you know how they combine it sometimes so then he ended up also doing his mask
masters there and he was a TA for his current girlfriend
and now  they met him as a TA and her as a student.
Well, we share about it.
No, I'm sure
I don't think it was that big. I think it was more like...
22 and like 19 or whatever
i mean I don't know but like
So they started dating and he got her an internship and that internship
Or like you know the connections like you need connections
and then that led to her getting an internship which became her actual job now
So I feel like and now they're still together so like
I feel like Sharon's kind of like made that her like
(***) I was like
she wants a boyfriend that can like get her an internship and like
Help her with her school stuff.
which I don't think is the proper way to look into it.
Yeah she just want
she just want (***) you know
Like yesterday she was called me
I wish I could get into a relationship without any effort from my side.
like it's just like I mean it's real but like it's not reasonable
Okay.
yeah like she wishes her ideal situation just like came up
yeah
I feel like she's kind of realistically saying that.
Yeah.
yeah Like I mean
with a freshman from Bermuda Tuesday.
Because he wanted to know more about the international internships that she did last year.
So they had dinner, and he's her type.
first she's like a busy con major that raves.
like (***) whatever i show like I just don't find that as fascinating as like...
(***)
(***) By like the way he carries it's just like
That part of her life  lifestyle just doesn't match her.
Yeah. But I told her like...
yeah you don't have to like think
oh I'm gonna become his girlfriend and it's not gonna work.
like you could just like keep talking to him at media team and like get to know him
Yeah, I think so she said the dinner was nice
she's been talking about it since like last week
Like it was like yeah, I think I was like I just
Like to go for like coffee or something
i was like no just like say dinner or like just a chat
It was just a chat to talk about like the internship stuff but like they've never talked
We talked 101 before so it's also to get to know each other more.
Yeah, but like
Going into it appearance wise, he was her type.
and then like talking to him she like enjoyed the talk but it's just like lifestyle
Yeah Yeah, that was like the first time getting to know each other.
Yeah,Yeah.
I don't know no no no (***)
She likes white people.
She's not attracted to Asian youth.
Or not rated, but it's likes to  go out  like, DM, like.
i don't know this (***) oh
Only but mainly
Like she's very much like okay. I don't know much about it, but it's probably like gilmore girls awesome
(***) like She grew up more on that rather than C-drama, K-drama.
I mean...
That's true. I'm not sure though, cause like Irvine's so Asian.
She is, yeah, she's from Irvine.
i don't know
I don't know, but yeah
She's brunette.
I don't know. I can't identify a lot of white people to talk to.
He looks like
He kinda has the figure of a track dude.
Like he close to me like
No He has like a slimmer face and like shorter brunette hair
That's all I don't know they were sitting in the photo
ha ha no no
She just showed me like briefly
mmm
Maybe like between Shawn Mendes and Penn Batchelor.
Maybe, I might, if you see it, what the fuck are you talking about?
Session four already